= Contributing to ryuuganime-db =
<!--UNDER CONSTRUCTION-->
Hello and thanks for taking your time to contribute!

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to <code>ryuuganime-db</code>. These are mostly guidelines, not rules. Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

__TOC__

== Code of conduct ==
This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the [[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.wiki|Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct version 2.0]]. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to [mailto:contact@ryuuganime.my.id contact@ryuuganime.my.id].

== Getting started ==

=== Extensions, applications, and services used ===
* [https://code.visualstudio.com/ Microsoft Visual Studio Code] for editing.
*:If you are using Visual Studio Code, you will likely get a prompt to install several recommended extensions. Please to install and use mentioned extensions.
* [https:// MALSync] for grabbing English Fanstream links.
* [[/.dictionaty/animanga|animanga-wordlist]] for spellchecking.

=== Sites Accessibility ===
This is a table which sites are being used by this repository:
{|
!Favicons
!Sites
!Link
|-
|AniDB
|https://anidb.net
|-
|AniList
|https://anilist.co
|-
|Anime-Planet
|https://anime-planet.com
|-
|Anime News Network
|https://animenewsnetwork.net
|-
|AniSearch
|https://anisearch.com ''or'' https://anisearch.de
|-
|Kitsu
|https://kitsu.io
|-
|MyAnimeList
|https://myanimelist.net
|-
|Notify.moe
|https://notify.moe
|-
|Shikimori
|https://shikimori.one ''or'' https://shikimori.org
|}

== Commit and Pull Request ==

=== Cloning Repository ===
To clone this repository you need [https://git-scm.com/downloads Git] installed on your end and the repository need to be forked to your GitHub account. From your command line:
 git <nowiki>clone https://github.com/<YOUR USERNAME>/ryuuganime-db</nowiki>
;Note
:Remember to change <nowiki><YOUR USERNAME></nowiki> into your GitHub username.

=== Adding Anime Index ===

=== Naming a File ===
There is simple guideline for naming a file:
<pre>
category/siteName-date.ext
</pre>
'''Note''':


=== Commit Changes ===
There is no strict guidelines for adding commit message. However, the best one is make it "uniform."

We commonly use those for prefix:

*<code>Add</code>
*:when file is untracked by git.
*<code>Modify</code> or <code>Fix</code>
*:when there some lines modified from previous.
*<code>Batch update</code>
*:when there are plenty of file untracked by git.
*<code>Update</code>
*:when some information updated.

=== Pulling a Merge Request ===

# Make sure you have required to naming your commit based on <a href="#Commit_Changes">Commit Changes</a> guideline.
# Name your pull request as<br/><pre>Detail: Comment</pre>'''Note''':
#; Detail
#::Defining what the purpose of this pull request.<br/>Available arguments, at the moment:
#:::<code>Add</code>, <code>Modify</code>, <code>Fix</code>
# Click on the green "Send pull request" button to finish creating the pull request.
# You should now see an open pull request.

== Issuing Suggestion or Problem ==

Got a great idea or found an issue but can not executing as well, or unfamiliar with Git interface? Now, you can relax more because GitHub has a great feature, called [https://github.com/ryuuganime/animanga-wordlist/issues GitHub Issue]. It helps users to "interact" developers with 0 knowledge of coding.

You can send us an issue for we can look for it. 

=== Issuing Suggestion ===
# Open [https://github.com/ryuuganime/ryuuganime-db/issues ryuuganime/ryuuganime-db/issues],