= ryuuganime-db =
Head Database Repository of Ryuuganime based on JSON, HJSON, YAML, XML, XLSX and HTML format.

__TOC__

== File format ==
This database is using [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MediaWiki MediaWiki] (<code>.wiki</code>) for repository documentation markup format. For indexing, Ryuuganime is using [[/json|JSON]], [[hjson|HJSON]], [[yaml|YAML]], and [[xml|XML]] for current release. [[html|HTML]] and [[xlsx|XLSX]] files are deprecated. 

File structuring on this repo is using <code>fileExt/id1/id2.ext</code>.

The JSON files that Ryuuganime uses in the [[/json]] folder comply with standards which can also be machine validated with the [[/schemas/entry.json|JSON Schema]] file.


== Contributing ==
=== Cloning, committing, and issuing suggestion/problem ===
Please head to [[contributing.wiki]] for more detailed information.

=== File usage ===
Please refer the manual on [[usage.wiki]].

== Code of conduct ==
This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the [[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.wiki|Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct version 2.0]]. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. For detailed information, read [[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.wiki]].

== List of anime database entries ==
<!--Google translated, oof-->To see the anime database that has been recorded in this repository, please head to [[list.wiki]].
For machine-readable files, you can use the JSON version, namely [[list.json]] (recommended); on YAML format, [[list.yaml]]; and [[list.xml]] on XML (not recommended).

== License ==

This repository is under [[LICENSE|Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike 4.0 International]]. Similar to CC-BY-4.0 but requires derivatives be distributed under the same or a similar, compatible license. Frequently used for media assets and educational materials.

=== Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License ===
'''''This is a human-readable summary of the full license. See [[LICENSE]].'''''

Under this license, you are free to:

*'''Share''' — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
*'''Adapt''' — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.

The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.

'''License terms''':

*'''Attribution''' — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

*'''ShareAlike''' — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.

*'''No additional restrictions''' — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

'''Notices:''' 
*You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.
*No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.

{| class="wikitable"
|-
| Creative Commons Corporation (“Creative Commons”) is not a law firm and does not provide legal services or legal advice. Distribution of Creative Commons public licenses does not create a lawyer-client or other relationship. Creative Commons makes its licenses and related information available on an “as-is” basis. Creative Commons gives no warranties regarding its licenses, any material licensed under their terms and conditions, or any related information. Creative Commons disclaims all liability for damages resulting from their use to the fullest extent possible. By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License ("Public License"). To the extent this Public License may be interpreted as a contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in consideration of Your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the Licensor grants You such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from making the Licensed Material available under these terms and conditions.
|}
